suppose I were to tell you I had never
had sex with my girlfriend Melissa not
even once I never had like sex keep
going
suppose I were to tell you I had never
had sex with my girlfriend Melissa not
even once
how would you in the audience react to
this news I think I think a lot of you
would say that's a fake relationship all
this stuff you've been doing on YouTube
talking about breaking up and getting
back together it's all fake no why why
would you say that why would you feel
that way you've seen all kinds of things
you know to be real like I forced my
girlfriend to read Aristotle that you
made YouTube videos talking about the
philosophy of Aristotle from ancient
Greece and then eventually years later
we actually flew to Greece and we spent
time together in Athens isn't that
romantic isn't so what we read
philosophy together we make youtube
videos talking about politics together
we went to Greece that's not real enough
for you
sexuality it's not just the realest
thing in our lives it's this it's this
primitive ancient instinct we're all
still in touch with living in the 21st
century living lives that so much exist
on the Internet and through keyboards
and through cell phones right it's this
raw instinct as real as fear or what
else we got that's it fear love maybe
hunger okay oh you know we're quite
alienated from instincts except for this
one we're all in touch with their
sexuality and there's this really strong
sense we all have if there's no sex it
isn't real so sex it's not just worth
talking about because it's part of
reality but almost becomes the criterion
for reality itself like our sense of of
realness is connected to it all right
there is this girl Kay Torino her name
has been dragged through the mud
by a bunch of guys who vaguely claimed
that they had a relationship with her
but it turns out not a single one of
those men actually had sex with her of
course it was gonna happen right like I
don't know before okay how did Carson
find out like once yet sex was Finn's
who told them how do you find
like Fitz Tom did you tell him no mr.
Tollman like how did this get through
all these people like what's happening
like whoa okay first of all how was the
time span like when did you have sex
with Fitz and sheet and then when did
Carson find out how long was it months
weeks days I imagine is minutes I never
had like sex with any of them wait you
didn't have sex with Fitz this is a
really uncomfortable to talking about
bro you're like you're very boom boom
boom with that with the questions I'm
impressed
sorry yeah I don't want to go into
detail but what I will say is that I
have vaginismus okay this is like yeah
so basically if you think about the
economics and the ethics of pornography
you're talking about paying someone
enough money to cope with the
embarrassment of exposing their body
exposing their face exposing them
exposing themselves to public opprobrium
to public disapproval and if you read
interviews with foreign stars they often
talk about things like going to the bank
being variable standing in a line up at
the bank being variable is it so you pay
someone enough money to put up with that
for the rest of their lives for the next
20 years however long it is until
they're famous it's gonna be something
how much do you have to pay someone to
live with this for the rest of us think
about what was exposed for this young
woman all right it's not just that she
had sex with a bunch of guys it's then
revealed that she never had sex with any
of them that she has some kind of
crippling anxiety disorder that she
actually suffers spasms and convulsions
when she's in bed with a man that make
it impossible for it have sex in this
noxious context of all these guys
claiming they had sex there all these
guys apologizing for having had sex with
her as if by having sex with her they
were leading her
feed on this guy Carson if she never
even had a truth how much do you have to
pay someone for them to live that down
you know
and I mean pornography the impacts on
people's lives are tremendous but they
can know that in advance and they can
sign up for it who signed up for this
who signed a like you know what I mean
was this consensual this really peculiar
kind of humiliation that's ended up
having this gentleman and that these
young men like frankly they seem to
thrive on they seem to be boast that
they seem to be eager to just kind of
build their social media presence in
their notoriety by lining up to brag
that they were allegedly one of the
seven guys when none of them did all
right
where's the biggest penis just let's
just do it for the content please
content yeah make it to the content yes
all right well it's hard to say I think
the person with the biggest was probably
oh man I was really sorry my internet I
mean your be either I understand
monetizing humiliating someone you can
make money humiliating Donald Trump I
get it you can make money
humiliating Kanye West you know there
are plenty of people to be this is a
very intimate I really don't have the
words I mean to do this to someone where
you really misrepresent who they are and
what their relationships was with you on
this most private intimate basis so I
just say I think there's a really
meaningful sense in which this is much
more evil than much more disturbing than
conventional pornography cuz I was
sexually abused as a kid you know and a
lot of shame came from that like I
remember this is stupid I mean it's not
but it you know it's silly I guess I
have this memory of when I was a kid and
I was looking at these like
apples-to-apples cards
and I was like probably like seven or
eight or something and when I was
sexually abused I was like it was from
like four to six it's like for a couple
years and I was looking at this like
apples to apples card and it was it said
I'm pure and I remember thinking I
looked at it I was like crying thinking
that I'm not pure and I'll never be pure
because of what happened to me and I
guess that memory just sticks in my head
of like shame feeling ashamed for
something that I didn't ask for you know
um yeah she is established in a series
of interviews there were four men
involved in total including her
boyfriend who she was in a committed
monogamous relationship with and she
never had sex with any of them not the
boyfriend she was cheating on and not
the three other men now in the audience
you didn't know that the other people
offering commentary didn't know that but
the men who denounced her as a cheater
and a [ __ ] and a and you dragged
her name through the mud with just a
little bit of misogyny they knew that
Carson was himself engaged in a kind of
fraud he knew this was a fake
relationship he was packaging it to his
audience and so on she confirms that he
confirms that this was an act they put
on his channel he caught feelings he got
obsessed he got out of his depth
wouldn't wanna say but Carson homie
that's on you you never slept with her
I've gotta say looking back now I wish
I'd trusted my instincts I mean the vibe
I God and the interpretation I had was
his first break-in was that these guys
are all a bunch of losers and none of
them actually had sex with her that was
really what I thought and like you know
I don't know what it is I mean I find
myself the situation the Internet from
time to time back when the pro Jared
scandal broke immediately I jumped on it
I offered my interpretation in that case
it was all in writing so you
put together the pizza piece but I said
no all these other people are wrong
here's what really happened and I felt
confident enough am I reading the
situation say that and also what I had
to say was fundamentally kind of
sympathetic and understanding and
helpful it wouldn't sound mean in this
case I didn't want to jump on this story
and say no these guys are a bunch of
losers everyone in this story is
basically a virgin and none of them had
sex with each other so what are the
implications of dragging this girl's
name through the mud I feel like I have
looking at the scarlet letter the book
uh-huh I feel like I look at any on me
forever you know do you feel like you
were destined to hurt people because you
are tainted
to some extent she dragged her own name
through the mud
right when you know she didn't have sex
with any of these were men I accepted
these labels I accepted that I was a
liar that I was a cheater what what does
cheating me I mean this is a situation
in which she consciously and
intentionally had a fake relationship
with Carson right but then we all just
were willing to presume that there was
some other real relationship
to contrast to that whether that was a
relationship with fits with the unnamed
original boyfriend or what right it's
like a series of Russian dolls
each one is Hollow as you open it and
there's another one just as hollow
underneath there was nothing real and
this is clocha Singh with the real
victim
you're really defaming this girl
[Music]
Katarina Zak's
my perspective was look she had a fake
relationship with Carson so if she went
and slept with Fitz
however unimpressive or underwhelming
that relationship must have been at
least that was something real right like
that's her like it's not really cheating
that's her turning her back on a fake
relationship for the sake of a real
relationship even if that relationship
didn't work out or proved to be
short-term or you know what I mean
nobody would suspect but now what are we
talking about
we're talking about a situation where
it's one fake relationship contrasted to
another and what are we supposed to make
it these guys these guys who lined up to
make public apologies in which they're
basically lying on their dick they're
basically claiming they're basically
asking you to feel sorry for them as
they apologize to you for having
encouraged this girl to have cheated on
Carson which was a fake relationship to
begin with and self-consciously so like
she and Carson have both articulated
they knowingly put on an act for their
audience and mislead the viewing public
so there's no way to cheat on that you
can't you sorry it's just like you can't
steal something if it doesn't exist in
the first place
you can't dilute an empty glass you know
there's nothing there to be diluted
right there was no relationship with
Carson the chena so Fitz what were you
apologizing for what were you planting
your flag and what were you staking a
claim to it's bizarre well you
physically it's a physical thing too but
I think it's caused by mental stuff
usually but how my therapist and I
talked about it it's like I guess it is
a physical thing too because we talked
about it like um when you're you know
sexually abused and you it's like muscle
tension there basically he's cannot
explain it's like a mental thing where
basically you Jenna broke vagina broke
into work this is way beyond
conventional defamation making a sport
out of humiliating her for something she
didn't even do with one man and you know
saying it was seven guys saying it was
nine guys and all this stuff right
not even one and this is a group of
young men each of whom were trying to
climb the social ladder of Fame
including that guy who had a music
channel and made the song about it right
out of out of what you're trying to get
famous out of humiliating this girl for
cheating on a guy she never had a
relationship with with another guy she
never even had sex with I mean and this
is only 2020 you think this is gonna
stop like you think in the next ten
years this isn't gonna happen again like
if people know they can make money you
know achieve fame and money through
these kinds of antics if this is an
established path to fame some people are
gonna line up for it and other people
are gonna you know carry out this kind
of prank on others willingly or
unwillingly look sorry you have this
video laughing but it's dark it's really
dark you know what what am I gonna tell
you I talk about sex because for me in
my life it represents something real
okay
and I don't know it doesn't matter if
you've had only one sexual partner or 10
or 100 sexual words I think for all of
us that remains the kind of touched on
something real and you know what even
the people who become alcoholics and
have sex with complete strangers when
they're drunk I think that's part of why
they need to get drunk before they can
sleep around with strangers it's to get
some distance it's a little bit too real
so drugs and alcohol become an essential
part of sleeping around with people
where you don't have any trust you don't
have any respect you may not even feel
attracted to them you know what I mean
like the inescapable realness of human
sexuality is also something we can
struggle with and try to escape from to
me I've got to say there is something
much more disturbing about this than
good old-fashioned pornography